### Your responses to the short answer questions should be laid out here using markdown.

1. A virtual machine is a program that emulates the configuration and hardware of a machine and runs a whole OS, file system and project files and dependancies inside. Each additional VM is an identical copy running a new full OS. It has to be hooked into the hosting machine's network,inputs and outputs and requires dedicated resources. A docker container only contains the dependeancies and files that your project needs. It doesn't virtualize a full system to run your project in each docker image but shares the resources between the host systems and different running docker copies. Docker images don't require their own dedicated resources and are more flexible and quicker to setup.
2. The `-p` flag designates port descriptions.  The `####:#####` is a pair of ports with the first number being what port to open to the outside for listening and the second number is what port the docker image is listening to.  Any connections to the first number will be routes to the docker image's port.
3. Container Orchestration Platforms are systems that allow you to more easily provision your docker images in a large system. Platforms like Kubernetes or Docker Swarm have tools that make it easier to spin up, move and dedicate system resources to eache docker.  They also would have tools to configure services and policies for the different dockers or groups of dockers.
4. To scale a Kubernetes cluster you just need to edit the config files and update the `replicas` value. Once you've done that, just run the `apply` command from kubernetes cli with the updated file.
5. When you scale a deployed application 'horizontally', you are spinning up more server units.  This would handle more incoming connections by replicating more containers or servers to handles those.  Scaling 'vertically', however, is dedicating more resources to systems already deployed.  Expanding the bandwith, memory allocations, Storage, ect.
6. The biggest difference between Heroku's free and paid tiers is that the free tier dynos sleep after 30 min of inactivity.  They also run off of a pool of hours each account has aloted.

> For help with markdown syntax, [go here](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)
